elimination america america many
years
for the
holidays
I exaggerate today to defend with two goals
I could not tell you what you tried to do
what the last party did
the time always equal along the
tournament the opponent also
he told a lot and unfortunately who
has more responsibility in elimination
the players because technicians
to pass but well that's the way things are
they feel football in the end not the
reached and well now let's see what
tells us tomorrow to perform in the
selection and now think about the selection
follow and that is fine now full
there unfortunately today with this
we fulfilled the goal we wanted but
well that's how it takes you like this is the
football and now to think about that that to
Julian the Americanist hobby
good to be calm that we gave it
everything on the court this will have to
learn from this that maybe we give away
a little bit the first time until we
they made the goal was that we reacted
but there will be that as I tell you to know
and get the best out of this with everything to
hundred
well we did not come with that
intention I believe that the same rival of
this oil back they are the ones
they had the
so wanting to attack and that's the same
He took us back, too
we wanted that we could not in the first
time and when it was too late
with what maybe several did not act
things and that in the end we were left out
of the line but good
calm if what changes is good
play which we are on that list and
will have to face
a great challenge a great responsibility
present to your country
but a procedural portal error if
we will have to support him now that you are
with him and good to wait for what comes
we are aware of that of
that anything can happen
the first time
we give it away later
sometimes you do not know things with plans
We did not give it away for a while and that's why I asked
with eliminatory biblical name
when we modify partner by departing
functions
we end up losing the series between
balls
we tried
as assimilated
schedule the preseason and disarm
this situation
of sadness
in return guilty I am me
the consequence
a joke
because we are very excited about being able to
pass but well this is a game already
Sometimes it exceeds you in this case we leave you
to do a lot of things
the second time in question difference
usually
balance sheet national accounts
ace
irregular tournament
one from the past
but more than that
he is a veteran
always when I do the support
we have why not
the whole face in times
do not put the marker
yes
do not
when in fact
so it happens to us like I told you an oil
a coin to the air for the past
living
the last game in a way that stops
fortune
so I 'm passing the animals
of positions
I think it 's a moment to talk about your
life has to follow
more important what happened today
we are at a time that we are not
crazy
to 0
I think that
we did not have the ability to pass
all all ended in this case it
finished
has tripled I can accompany with
these goddesses season preparations
for those of lice you are according to
you want to stay American
Y
demanding their loves
then much desire to stain is a
preseason for a team
the program
but they spent working
20 as a reporter but today
and a lot
we let ourselves do other things
as much better